
- I am a student from Vietnam and want to learn Machine Learning. I think it will be beneficial for my work. But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expenses to pay for the certificate of this course. I live only for my scholarship, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. So I’m badly in need of this financial aid. I want to take this course as I want to learn. This course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in understanding and learning this technology and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous Courses. Also, I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments that are to peer-reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.


- I want to take this course as I want to learn Machine Learning. I want to complete the course due to my curiosity and also that I can put a good CV to get applied to a job. This course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out various programs in a computer language and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. The field of software technology is becoming saturated, and industries are now placing a high level of importance on specialization. This course is suggested by one of my seniors. I'm a junior in college and form next semester I have my placement pool. Getting certification on this course not only help me to stand out among thousands but also help my resume get shortlisted and get high pay job as top companies are using data science and it has been said that up to 2020 the world will be going to generate 50 times more data than what generated in 2011, so many companies are looking for ML Engineer. There is a lot of potential and scope in this career opportunity.


- Sir, the ﬁnancial status of my family, is not too good to pay the loan amount. In present, I am a student who's pursuing his graduation and I doesn't have any source of income to pay for my course. Its not possible for me to pay the loan. As my parents have a limited source of income and my parents took education loan for my higher studies and they are already paying it regularly. Taking this loan will become a big burden on me and on my parents shoulder. It would make their life even harder to add a new loan over them. Sir, I don't want to put any pressure over them. I personally feel so much burden already because my parents are working hard and sacriﬁcing their lives to make my and my sisters life better so that we can not face the problems what they are facing currently. I want to earn and serve to my parents as soon as possible.